Produce consume tutorial in scala (#459)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/produce-consume-lang/scala/markup/prod/1_0-consumer-docker-image.adoc

In your terminal, execute the following command to invoke the Jib plugin and build a docker image for the consumer app:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="bash">{%
    include_raw tutorials/produce-consume-lang/scala/code/tutorial-steps/prod/build-consumer.sh
%}</code></pre>
+++++

> Find the sbt task configuration of `packageConsumer` in the _build.sbt_ file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference the sbt task configuration of `packageConsumer` in the _build.sbt_ file for details.
```
